README.md, before:

# Bare minimum sketch for the Sunton aka Cheap Yellow Display (CYD) boards. ESP32_1732S019N/C, 2424S012N/C, 2432S024R/C/N, 2432S028R, 2432S032N/R/C, 3248S035R/C, 4827S043R/C, 4848S040C, 8048S050N/C and 8048S070N/C

For [PlatformIO](https://platformio.org/)

[![Platform IO CI](https://github.com/rzeldent/esp32-smartdisplay-demo/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rzeldent/esp32-smartdisplay-demo/actions/workflows/main.yml)

This is a demo application for the [esp32-smartdisplay](https://github.com/rzeldent/esp32-smartdisplay) library that is intended to be used in [PlatformIO](https://platformio.org/).
See [https://github.com/rzeldent/esp32-smartdisplay](https://github.com/rzeldent/esp32-smartdisplay/) for more information about the driver library.

>[!WARNING]
>Do not forget to clone this repository with submodules: ```git clone --recurse-submodules```!
>This is required to also have the latest version of the [Sunton boards definitions](https://github.com/rzeldent/platformio-espressif32-sunton).

Example with sound! (if WiFi credentials are provided and speaker attached)

![Example](assets/PXL_20231130_225143662.jpg)

## Version history

- March 2024
  - Added rotate button
  - Removed radio (and wifi dependencies)
- December 2023
  - Release 2.0.0
  - Updated demo with sound
- November 2023
  - Use of new library
  - Updated demo application with sound
- March 2023
  - Demo application created
- October 2023
  - Updated UI using [SquareLine Studio](https://squareline.io). This is a graphical UI design tool.

Commit message:

Develop (#41)
* Removed Lena,m put in Philips test image

* Updated boards

* Initial commit vor LVGL v9.1

* Changed memory LV_USE_STDLIB to use LV_STDLIB_CLIB

* Updated verison history

* Added lv_tick_inc

* Minor changes

* Enable all boards

* Updated lv_conf.h

* Added esp32-s3touchlcd7

* remove lvgl9

* Use LVGL 8.4.0

* Prepare for 2.0.10

* Bioards to main

* Updated markdown

* Added newline

* Updated boards

* UPdated demo with gradient

* Updated UI SquareLine

* Removed not required lv_qrcode include

* Update to Squareline 1.4.2

* Use development lib

* Added new boards

* Added new boards
Use #develop

* Lvgl9 (#36)

* Initial commit vor LVGL v9.1

* Changed memory LV_USE_STDLIB to use LV_STDLIB_CLIB

* Updated verison history

* Added lv_tick_inc

* Minor changes

* Enable all boards

* Updated lv_conf.h

* UPdated demo with gradient

* Updated UI SquareLine

* Update to Squareline 1.4.2

* Added new boards
Use #develop

README.md, after:

# Bare minimum sketch for the Sunton aka Cheap Yellow Display (CYD) boards. ESP32_1732S019N/C, 2424S012N/C, 2432S024R/C/N, 2432S028R, 2432S032N/R/C, 3248S035R/C, 4827S043R/C, 4848S040C, 8048S050N/C and 8048S070N/C

For [PlatformIO](https://platformio.org/)

[![Platform IO CI](https://github.com/rzeldent/esp32-smartdisplay-demo/actions/workflows/main.yml/badge.svg)](https://github.com/rzeldent/esp32-smartdisplay-demo/actions/workflows/main.yml)

This is a demo application for the [esp32-smartdisplay](https://github.com/rzeldent/esp32-smartdisplay) library that is intended to be used in [PlatformIO](https://platformio.org/).
See [https://github.com/rzeldent/esp32-smartdisplay](https://github.com/rzeldent/esp32-smartdisplay/) for more information about the driver library.

> [!WARNING]
> Do not forget to clone this repository with submodules: `git clone --recurse-submodules`!
> This is required to also have the latest version of the [Sunton boards definitions](https://github.com/rzeldent/platformio-espressif32-sunton).

Example with sound! (if WiFi credentials are provided and speaker attached)

![Example](assets/PXL_20231130_225143662.jpg)

## Version history

- July 2024
  - LVGL 9.1
  - Use release 2.0.10
- June 2024
  - Update SquareLine project to 1.4.1
- March 2024
  - Added rotate button
  - Removed radio (and wifi dependencies)
- December 2023
  - Release 2.0.0
  - Updated demo with sound
- November 2023
  - Use of new library
  - Updated demo application with sound
- March 2023
  - Demo application created
- October 2023
  - Updated UI using [SquareLine Studio](https://squareline.io). This is a graphical UI design tool.
